a fireplace with nice warm fire that
it 's what's in this season
actually everybody wants
Everywhere is geschnieft and good as us
are still in the healing practice and
now with the second generation
schönfeld took namely schönfeld
the couch in front of us is another
sister sabine damned
to be silent and shut down because we
Now we will do something with her there
be the cupping and maxen and still
once done shortly
I 'm curious to catch you with the
that's exactly what they are
yes, that's fire stuff now
got on a rough right now around this
season, the patients like to come
just always with reinforced
neck tension yes I can too
so is feeling and is always so cold and
they all care about that
circulation of the skin on it
giving yes right boyle one from
may happen sometimes but
the other two just seem
beautiful acupuncture points also have that
so named as gate of the wind palace of the
Wind from the chinese halt goes here
the wineries the wetness rank
moisture to wind what to
leads colds and recoup this has
now the effect that, so to speak, everything
once a little bit in motion
just to put on those you can not
so helpless rum so promotes the
circulation of the musculature triggers thereby
they'll slap on it specifically
for the neck tension but just
also from the chinese her
points because here the cold and penetrates
all that we need to catch a cold
even the first symptoms are newspaper
often do I have to follow me from
scarf and clock because everything is here
cold and you do it at home too
Also glasses with a rubber ball are the
then similar sucks like that and you
So, massage may be moderately over
So then you can say mutti times
ver di-chef i just like the
score a wonderful thing and
The same goes for these devices
me just that looks more like
early similar effect
friction in the end write here
the skin is blooded all the more
Tensions coldness wetness in it sits
the faster kroos that is
you can actually really do that
to the professional goes to the naturopath but
you can just as well say at home
we'll try it so it helps us too
already massage beautiful heat pillow here
just massage each other
put or round with something
object and a bit pure
wonderful
then you can see if that's right
violently makes maltreated red but safe
again anja and bad but is and
I think it's good and so Sabine
said nothing does not hurt he had
Thanks a lot, I'm giving it off now
radio station after studies there's
for you the news